docs: added jvs docs (#114)
abcxyz/jvs: docs/cli-tool.md

# CLI Tool

[jvsctl](../cmd/jvsctl) facilitates the justification verification flow provided
by abcxyz/jvs

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Add installation instruction `go install`

jvsctl [command]

> ### Global Flags:

Reviewer: Add a section for config file https://github.com/abcxyz/jvs/blob/main/pkg/config/cli_config.go

Author: done

*   `--config` : string <br />
    config file (default is $HOME/.jvsctl/config.yaml) <br />
*   `-h`, `--help` <br />
    help for jvsctl <br />
*   `--insecure` : bool <br />
    use insecure connection to JVS server <br />
*   `--server` : string <br />
    overwrite the JVS server address

### jvsctl token [flags]

To generate a justification token

#### Flags

`--breakglass` : bool <br />
Whether it will be a breakglass action <br />
`-e`, `--explanation` : string <br />
The explanation for the action <br />
`--ttl` : duration <br />

> The token time-to-live duration (default 1h0m0s) <br />

Reviewer: I think you can just say use `jvsctl [cmd] -h` to find details

#### Example

```shell
jvsctl token --explanation "issues/12345" -ttl 30m

> ```

Reviewer: More examples will be helpful, e.g. breakglass

Reviewer: And add description what the command does per example.
Also add a section for how to use with lumberjack.

Author: I thought how to use lumberjack will be written in the lumberjack repo. What info do we want to include here in jvsctl regarding how to use with lumberjack?

Author: description and breakglass example added.

Author: Discussed offline. Will add a section for how to use with lumberjack later after we finish the refactor code change and doc update in lumberjack: https://github.com/abcxyz/lumberjack/pull/279, https://github.com/abcxyz/lumberjack/issues/280 and https://github.com/abcxyz/lumberjack/issues/283

# CLI Tool

**JVS is not an official Google product.**

[jvsctl](../cmd/jvsctl) facilitates the justification verification flow provided
by abcxyz/jvs

## Install
1. Change directory to where jvsctl code lives
   ```shell
   cd cmd/jvsctl
   ```

2. Install jvsctl
   ```shell

>    go install

Reviewer: ...`go install github.com/abcxyz/jvs/cmd/jvsctl` will be enough. You don't need the first step

Author: done

   ```

## Usage

jvsctl [command]

> ### Global Flags:

Reviewer: Remove. Say something like "Use `-h` flag to view available flags, e.g. `jvsctl -h`"

Author: done

Run `jvsctl -h` for details

### Config
`jvsctl` reads config from a yaml file (default path: `$HOME/.jvsctl/config.yaml`). 
Basic config fields can be provided (or overwritten) by global flags above like `--server` and ` --insecure`.

1. Version - the version of the config
```yaml
version: 1

> ```

Reviewer: Not very useful. We can skip it

Author: done

> 2. Server - the JVS server address
> ```yaml
> server: example.com
> ```
> 
> 3. Authentication - the authentication config
> 
> ```yaml
> authentication:
>    # insecure indiates whether to use insecured connection to the JVS server.
>    insecure: true
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Minimally we need a JVS server address in the config to mint justification tokens.

	  ```yaml
	  server: example.com
	  ```

By default we will connect to the JVS server securely. When it's not applicable (e.g. locally run JVS server for testing), use insecure connection by adding the following block in the config:

	  ```yaml
	  authentication:
	     insecure: true
	  ```

Alternatively, both of these values could be provided via CLI flags `--server` and `--insecure`.

```

Author: done

## Command
### jvsctl token [flags]
To generate a justification token

#### Flags

Run `jvsctl token -h` for details

#### Example

```shell
jvsctl token --explanation "issues/12345" --ttl 30m
```
The example above generates a signed justification token with 30m time-to-live duration
and such token provide reasons that data access is required for "issues/12345"

```shell
jvsctl token --breakglass true --explanation "jvs is down" --ttl 30m
```

> The example above generates an unsigned justification token with 30m time-to-live duration
> and such token provide reasons that break-glass data access is required because "jvs is down"

Reviewer: Have descriptions before commands.

```suggestion
In certain cases, we might need to bypass JVS for minting signed JVS tokens. E.g. JVS couldn't verify a justification because the ticket system is down. In such cases, we can mint breakglass token instead.
```

Author: done
